_pages/cv.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

PDF version available [here](http://giraffe-zhang.github.io/files/Yaohua Zhang Engineering v10 CV.pdf).

Education
======
* 2016-2020 Imperial College London, UK, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering
* 2010-2015 Raffles Institution, Singapore, SINGAPORE-CAMBRIDGE GCE A Levels 

Work experience
======
* April 2019–August 2019   Embedded System Engineer Intern, DnaNudge Ltd
  * Designed a power management adaptor board using Altium Designer to improve product robustness (NudgeBox). 
  * Developed an entire I2C device library for ICM-20648 (motion sensor unit) and nRF52832 (microcontroller) to aid future firmware (DnaBand) R&D. 
  * In charge of product (DnaBand) usability testing and design verification, authored extensive product test procedures and other relevant technical files. 
  * Designed a 4-layer evaluation board (150+ components, 400+ connections) in Altium Designer to aid future hardware (DnaBand) R&D.


* Summer 2018   Research Intern, School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore      
  * Supervised by Prof Y.P. Zhang. Investigated antenna performance and analysed the differential integrated antenna. Wrote a MATLAB script which compared the singled-ended to differential patch antennas and a professional report on the findings.
  * Studied advanced antenna theory (Postgraduate level) and developed proficiency with MATLAB for numerical and analytic modelling of antenna performance. 

* Summer 2017  Research Intern, Undergraduate Research Opportunity Program (UROP) Imperial College London
  * Supervised by Prof A. Manikas. Successfully completed an 8-week project on Software Defined Radio and its applications using USRP hardware and LabVIEW. Coded a real-time communication system that can transceive text messages using Quadrature Phase Shift Keying (QPSK). 
  
  
Skills
======
* Python, C/C++, MATLAB, Cadence, Altium Designer, Sentaurus TCAD, Verilog, LabVIEW
  
Volunteering
======
* Oct 2018- Jun 2020       Hall Senior, Woodward Buildings, Imperial College London
  * Provided pastoral support for incoming freshman students and helped to organise large-scale hall events.
  
* Nov 2017- Nov 2018       President’s Ambassador, Imperial College London
  * Involved in a visible, high-profile role to represent the College at official events such as Open Days etc.

Commit message:

add comment on cv page

_pages/cv.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

PDF version available [here](http://giraffe-zhang.github.io/files/Yaohua Zhang Engineering v10 CV.pdf).

[//]: # (This syntax works like a comment, and won't appear in any output.)

Education
======
* 2016-2020 Imperial College London, UK, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering
* 2010-2015 Raffles Institution, Singapore, SINGAPORE-CAMBRIDGE GCE A Levels 

Work experience
======
* April 2019–August 2019   Embedded System Engineer Intern, DnaNudge Ltd
  * Designed a power management adaptor board using Altium Designer to improve product robustness (NudgeBox). 
  * Developed an entire I2C device library for ICM-20648 (motion sensor unit) and nRF52832 (microcontroller) to aid future firmware (DnaBand) R&D. 
  * In charge of product (DnaBand) usability testing and design verification, authored extensive product test procedures and other relevant technical files. 
  * Designed a 4-layer evaluation board (150+ components, 400+ connections) in Altium Designer to aid future hardware (DnaBand) R&D.


* Summer 2018   Research Intern, School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore      
  * Supervised by Prof Y.P. Zhang. Investigated antenna performance and analysed the differential integrated antenna. Wrote a MATLAB script which compared the singled-ended to differential patch antennas and a professional report on the findings.
  * Studied advanced antenna theory (Postgraduate level) and developed proficiency with MATLAB for numerical and analytic modelling of antenna performance. 

* Summer 2017  Research Intern, Undergraduate Research Opportunity Program (UROP) Imperial College London
  * Supervised by Prof A. Manikas. Successfully completed an 8-week project on Software Defined Radio and its applications using USRP hardware and LabVIEW. Coded a real-time communication system that can transceive text messages using Quadrature Phase Shift Keying (QPSK). 
  
  
Skills
======
* Python, C/C++, MATLAB, Cadence, Altium Designer, Sentaurus TCAD, Verilog, LabVIEW
  
Volunteering
======
* Oct 2018- Jun 2020       Hall Senior, Woodward Buildings, Imperial College London
  * Provided pastoral support for incoming freshman students and helped to organise large-scale hall events.
  
* Nov 2017- Nov 2018       President’s Ambassador, Imperial College London
  * Involved in a visible, high-profile role to represent the College at official events such as Open Days etc.
